README.md, before:

# Progress towards my learning goals

In each folder, separated by year, are my notes, etc related to what I'm studying, doing, learning...

If you're looking to see what I'm up to, you most likely want to grab the pdf file, as I'm recording everything in latex and it's being all consolidated into [progress.pdf](2018/progress/progress.pdf).

## 2018

My dual main goals are to A) study algorithms in depth and B) explore Physics. To that end, I am including a variety of Computer Science, Mathematics and Physics courses, with no prescribed order. I'll just select the next course in whatever list I'm most inspired to continue each time I'm ready to progress to a new course. (I've selected all three MITOCW lists from the course-paths, and I'll be hopping between them willy-nilly.)

## Progress

Courses Completed: 0  
Total Points earned: 335

| Date Finished | Activity                  | Points | Links                                                                                                         |
| ------------- | ------------------------- | ------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 01-03-2018    | Blog Post                 | 15     | [Blog post kicking off Speedstudy](https://medium.com/p1xts-blog/speedstudy-2018-295d988f0c5c)                |
| 01-03-2018    | Workout                   | 10     | [Body Beast](https://www.beachbody.com/product/fitness_programs/extreme/body-beast-workout.do) - Back and Bis |
| 01-04-2018    | Duolingo (French level 2) | 100    | [Duolingo](https://www.duolingo.com/P1xt)                                                                     |
| 01-04-2018    | Duolingo (French level 3) | 100    | [Duolingo](https://www.duolingo.com/P1xt)                                                                     |
| 01-04-2018    | Duolingo (French level 4) | 100    | [Duolingo](https://www.duolingo.com/P1xt)                                                                     |
| 01-04-2018    | Workout                   | 10     | [Body Beast](https://www.beachbody.com/product/fitness_programs/extreme/body-beast-workout.do) - Shoulders    |
| Working on    | Course                    | 500    | Introduction to Computer Science and Programming in Python                                                    |
|               |                           |        |                                                                                                               |
|               |                           |        |                                                                                                               |
|               |                           |        |                                                                                                               |
|               |                           |        |                                                                                                               |
|               |                           |        |                                                                                                               |
|               |                           |        |                                                                                                               |
|               |                           |        |                                                                                                               |
|               |                           |        |                                                                                                               |

### MITOCW Computer Science

* [ ] Currently in Progress - [Introduction to Computer Science and Programming in Python](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-0001-introduction-to-computer-science-and-programming-in-python-fall-2016/)

* [ ] [Introduction to Computational Thinking and Data Science](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-0002-introduction-to-computational-thinking-and-data-science-fall-2016/)

* [ ] [Single Variable Calculus](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/)

* [ ] [Introduction to Electrical Engineering and Computer Science I](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-01sc-introduction-to-electrical-engineering-and-computer-science-i-spring-2011/)

* [ ] [Computation Structures](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-004-computation-structures-spring-2009/)

* [ ] [Software Construction](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-005-software-construction-spring-2016/index.htm)

* [ ] [Mathematics for Computer Science](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-042j-mathematics-for-computer-science-spring-2015/)

* [ ] [Introduction to Algorithms](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-006-introduction-to-algorithms-fall-2011/)

* [ ] [Multivariable Calculus](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-02sc-multivariable-calculus-fall-2010/)

* [ ] [Design and Analysis of Algorithms](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-046j-design-and-analysis-of-algorithms-spring-2015/)

* [ ] [Artificial Intelligence](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-034-artificial-intelligence-fall-2010/index.htm)

* [ ] [Computer System Engineering](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-033-computer-system-engineering-spring-2009/)

* [ ] [Computer Language Engineering](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-035-computer-language-engineering-spring-2010/)

* [ ] [Differential Equations](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-03-differential-equations-spring-2010/)

* [ ] [Introduction to EECS II: Digital Communication Systems](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-02-introduction-to-eecs-ii-digital-communication-systems-fall-2012/)

* [ ] [Programming Languages](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-821-programming-languages-fall-2002/)

* [ ] [Advanced Algorithms](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-854j-advanced-algorithms-fall-2008/)

* [ ] [Automata, Computability, and Complexity](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-045j-automata-computability-and-complexity-spring-2011/)

* [ ] [Linear Algebra](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-06-linear-algebra-spring-2010/)

* [ ] [Probabilistic Systems Analysis and Applied Probability](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-041sc-probabilistic-systems-analysis-and-applied-probability-fall-2013/)

* [ ] [Advanced Data Structures](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-851-advanced-data-structures-spring-2012/)

* [ ] [Distributed Algorithms](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-852j-distributed-algorithms-fall-2009/)

* [ ] [Network Optimization](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/sloan-school-of-management/15-082j-network-optimization-fall-2010/)

### MITOCW Mathematics

* [ ] [Single Variable Calculus](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/)

* [ ] [Multivariable Calculus](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-02sc-multivariable-calculus-fall-2010/)

* [ ] [Mathematics for Computer Science](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-042j-mathematics-for-computer-science-spring-2015/)

* [ ] [Differential Equations](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-03-differential-equations-spring-2010/)

* [ ] [Linear Algebra](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-06-linear-algebra-spring-2010/)

* [ ] [Analysis I](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-100b-analysis-i-fall-2010/)

* [ ] [Algebra I](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-701-algebra-i-fall-2010/)

* [ ] [Analysis II](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-101-analysis-ii-fall-2005/)

* [ ] [Algebra II](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-702-algebra-ii-spring-2011/)

* [ ] [Modern Algebra](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-703-modern-algebra-spring-2013/index.htm)

* [ ] [Seminar in Algebra and Number Theory](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-704-seminar-in-algebra-and-number-theory-computational-commutative-algebra-and-algebraic-geometry-fall-2008/)

* [ ] [Introduction to Topology](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-901-introduction-to-topology-fall-2004/)

* [ ] [Combinatorial Theory](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-315-combinatorial-theory-introduction-to-graph-theory-extremal-and-enumerative-combinatorics-spring-2005/)

* [ ] [Seminar in Topology](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-904-seminar-in-topology-spring-2011/)

* [ ] [Combinatorial Optimization](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-433-combinatorial-optimization-fall-2003/)

* [ ] [Probability and Random Variables](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-440-probability-and-random-variables-spring-2014/)

* [ ] [Topics in Algebraic Combinatorics](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-318-topics-in-algebraic-combinatorics-spring-2006/)

* [ ] [Geometric Combinatorics](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-319-geometric-combinatorics-fall-2005/)

* [ ] [Algorithmic Aspects of Machine Learning](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-409-algorithmic-aspects-of-machine-learning-spring-2015/)

* [ ] [Theory of Computation](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-404j-theory-of-computation-fall-2006/)

* [ ] [Advanced Complexity Theory](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-405j-advanced-complexity-theory-spring-2016/)

* [ ] [Algebraic Combinatorics](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-312-algebraic-combinatorics-spring-2009/)

* [ ] [Infinite Random Matrix Theory](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-338j-infinite-random-matrix-theory-fall-2004/)

### MITOCW Physics

* [ ] [Single Variable Calculus](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/)

* [ ] [Classical Mechanics](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/physics/8-01sc-classical-mechanics-fall-2016/)

* [ ] [Multivariable Calculus](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-02sc-multivariable-calculus-fall-2010/)

* [ ] [Physics II: Electricity and Magnetism](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/physics/8-022-physics-ii-electricity-and-magnetism-fall-2006/index.htm)

* [ ] [Differential Equations](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-03-differential-equations-spring-2010/)

* [ ] [Physics III: Vibrations and Waves](http://mit.espe.edu.ec/courses/physics/8-03-physics-iii-vibrations-and-waves-fall-2004/index.htm)

* [ ] [Quantum Physics I](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/physics/8-04-quantum-physics-i-spring-2016/)

* [ ] [Statistical Physics I](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/physics/8-044-statistical-physics-i-spring-2013/)

* [ ] [Classical Mechanics II](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/physics/8-223-classical-mechanics-ii-january-iap-2017/index.htm)

* [ ] [Quantum Physics II](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/physics/8-05-quantum-physics-ii-fall-2013/index.htm)

* [ ] [Classical Mechanics III](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/physics/8-09-classical-mechanics-iii-fall-2014/)

* [ ] [Quantum Physics III](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/physics/8-06-quantum-physics-iii-spring-2016/)

* [ ] [Electromagnetism II](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/physics/8-07-electromagnetism-ii-fall-2012/)

* [ ] [Statistical Physics II](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/physics/8-08-statistical-physics-ii-spring-2005/)

* [ ] [Einstein, Oppenheimer, Feynman](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/science-technology-and-society/sts-042j-einstein-oppenheimer-feynman-physics-in-the-20th-century-spring-2011/)

* [ ] [Linear Algebra](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-06-linear-algebra-spring-2010/)

* [ ] [Quantum Theory I](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/physics/8-321-quantum-theory-i-fall-2002/)

* [ ] [Quantum Theory II](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/physics/8-322-quantum-theory-ii-spring-2003/)

* [ ] [Relativistic Quantum Field Theory I](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/physics/8-323-relativistic-quantum-field-theory-i-spring-2008/)

* [ ] [Relativistic Quantum Field Theory II](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/physics/8-324-relativistic-quantum-field-theory-ii-fall-2010/)

* [ ] [Relativistic Quantum Field Theory III](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/physics/8-325-relativistic-quantum-field-theory-iii-spring-2007/)

* [ ] [String Theory and Holographic Duality](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/physics/8-821-string-theory-and-holographic-duality-fall-2014/)

* [ ] [Effective Field Theory](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/physics/8-851-effective-field-theory-spring-2013/)

Commit message:

Add current course to progress header.

README.md, after:

# Progress towards my learning goals

In each folder, separated by year, are my notes, etc related to what I'm studying, doing, learning...

If you're looking to see what I'm up to, you most likely want to grab the pdf file, as I'm recording everything in latex and it's being all consolidated into [progress.pdf](2018/progress/progress.pdf).

## 2018

My dual main goals are to A) study algorithms in depth and B) explore Physics. To that end, I am including a variety of Computer Science, Mathematics and Physics courses, with no prescribed order. I'll just select the next course in whatever list I'm most inspired to continue each time I'm ready to progress to a new course. (I've selected all three MITOCW lists from the course-paths, and I'll be hopping between them willy-nilly.)

## Progress

Current Course: [Introduction to Computer Science and Programming in Python](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-0001-introduction-to-computer-science-and-programming-in-python-fall-2016/)  
Courses Completed: 0  
Total Points earned: 335

| Date Finished | Activity                  | Points | Links                                                                                                         |
| ------------- | ------------------------- | ------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 01-03-2018    | Blog Post                 | 15     | [Blog post kicking off Speedstudy](https://medium.com/p1xts-blog/speedstudy-2018-295d988f0c5c)                |
| 01-03-2018    | Workout                   | 10     | [Body Beast](https://www.beachbody.com/product/fitness_programs/extreme/body-beast-workout.do) - Back and Bis |
| 01-04-2018    | Duolingo (French level 2) | 100    | [Duolingo](https://www.duolingo.com/P1xt)                                                                     |
| 01-04-2018    | Duolingo (French level 3) | 100    | [Duolingo](https://www.duolingo.com/P1xt)                                                                     |
| 01-04-2018    | Duolingo (French level 4) | 100    | [Duolingo](https://www.duolingo.com/P1xt)                                                                     |
| 01-04-2018    | Workout                   | 10     | [Body Beast](https://www.beachbody.com/product/fitness_programs/extreme/body-beast-workout.do) - Shoulders    |
| Working on    | Course                    | 500    | Introduction to Computer Science and Programming in Python                                                    |
|               |                           |        |                                                                                                               |
|               |                           |        |                                                                                                               |
|               |                           |        |                                                                                                               |
|               |                           |        |                                                                                                               |
|               |                           |        |                                                                                                               |
|               |                           |        |                                                                                                               |
|               |                           |        |                                                                                                               |
|               |                           |        |                                                                                                               |

### MITOCW Computer Science

* [ ] Currently in Progress - [Introduction to Computer Science and Programming in Python](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-0001-introduction-to-computer-science-and-programming-in-python-fall-2016/)

* [ ] [Introduction to Computational Thinking and Data Science](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-0002-introduction-to-computational-thinking-and-data-science-fall-2016/)

* [ ] [Single Variable Calculus](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/)

* [ ] [Introduction to Electrical Engineering and Computer Science I](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-01sc-introduction-to-electrical-engineering-and-computer-science-i-spring-2011/)

* [ ] [Computation Structures](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-004-computation-structures-spring-2009/)

* [ ] [Software Construction](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-005-software-construction-spring-2016/index.htm)

* [ ] [Mathematics for Computer Science](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-042j-mathematics-for-computer-science-spring-2015/)

* [ ] [Introduction to Algorithms](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-006-introduction-to-algorithms-fall-2011/)

* [ ] [Multivariable Calculus](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-02sc-multivariable-calculus-fall-2010/)

* [ ] [Design and Analysis of Algorithms](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-046j-design-and-analysis-of-algorithms-spring-2015/)

* [ ] [Artificial Intelligence](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-034-artificial-intelligence-fall-2010/index.htm)

* [ ] [Computer System Engineering](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-033-computer-system-engineering-spring-2009/)

* [ ] [Computer Language Engineering](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-035-computer-language-engineering-spring-2010/)

* [ ] [Differential Equations](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-03-differential-equations-spring-2010/)

* [ ] [Introduction to EECS II: Digital Communication Systems](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-02-introduction-to-eecs-ii-digital-communication-systems-fall-2012/)

* [ ] [Programming Languages](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-821-programming-languages-fall-2002/)

* [ ] [Advanced Algorithms](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-854j-advanced-algorithms-fall-2008/)

* [ ] [Automata, Computability, and Complexity](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-045j-automata-computability-and-complexity-spring-2011/)

* [ ] [Linear Algebra](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-06-linear-algebra-spring-2010/)

* [ ] [Probabilistic Systems Analysis and Applied Probability](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-041sc-probabilistic-systems-analysis-and-applied-probability-fall-2013/)

* [ ] [Advanced Data Structures](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-851-advanced-data-structures-spring-2012/)

* [ ] [Distributed Algorithms](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-852j-distributed-algorithms-fall-2009/)

* [ ] [Network Optimization](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/sloan-school-of-management/15-082j-network-optimization-fall-2010/)

### MITOCW Mathematics

* [ ] [Single Variable Calculus](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/)

* [ ] [Multivariable Calculus](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-02sc-multivariable-calculus-fall-2010/)

* [ ] [Mathematics for Computer Science](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-042j-mathematics-for-computer-science-spring-2015/)

* [ ] [Differential Equations](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-03-differential-equations-spring-2010/)

* [ ] [Linear Algebra](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-06-linear-algebra-spring-2010/)

* [ ] [Analysis I](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-100b-analysis-i-fall-2010/)

* [ ] [Algebra I](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-701-algebra-i-fall-2010/)

* [ ] [Analysis II](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-101-analysis-ii-fall-2005/)

* [ ] [Algebra II](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-702-algebra-ii-spring-2011/)

* [ ] [Modern Algebra](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-703-modern-algebra-spring-2013/index.htm)

* [ ] [Seminar in Algebra and Number Theory](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-704-seminar-in-algebra-and-number-theory-computational-commutative-algebra-and-algebraic-geometry-fall-2008/)

* [ ] [Introduction to Topology](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-901-introduction-to-topology-fall-2004/)

* [ ] [Combinatorial Theory](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-315-combinatorial-theory-introduction-to-graph-theory-extremal-and-enumerative-combinatorics-spring-2005/)

* [ ] [Seminar in Topology](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-904-seminar-in-topology-spring-2011/)

* [ ] [Combinatorial Optimization](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-433-combinatorial-optimization-fall-2003/)

* [ ] [Probability and Random Variables](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-440-probability-and-random-variables-spring-2014/)

* [ ] [Topics in Algebraic Combinatorics](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-318-topics-in-algebraic-combinatorics-spring-2006/)

* [ ] [Geometric Combinatorics](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-319-geometric-combinatorics-fall-2005/)

* [ ] [Algorithmic Aspects of Machine Learning](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-409-algorithmic-aspects-of-machine-learning-spring-2015/)

* [ ] [Theory of Computation](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-404j-theory-of-computation-fall-2006/)

* [ ] [Advanced Complexity Theory](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-405j-advanced-complexity-theory-spring-2016/)

* [ ] [Algebraic Combinatorics](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-312-algebraic-combinatorics-spring-2009/)

* [ ] [Infinite Random Matrix Theory](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-338j-infinite-random-matrix-theory-fall-2004/)

### MITOCW Physics

* [ ] [Single Variable Calculus](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/)

* [ ] [Classical Mechanics](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/physics/8-01sc-classical-mechanics-fall-2016/)

* [ ] [Multivariable Calculus](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-02sc-multivariable-calculus-fall-2010/)

* [ ] [Physics II: Electricity and Magnetism](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/physics/8-022-physics-ii-electricity-and-magnetism-fall-2006/index.htm)

* [ ] [Differential Equations](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-03-differential-equations-spring-2010/)

* [ ] [Physics III: Vibrations and Waves](http://mit.espe.edu.ec/courses/physics/8-03-physics-iii-vibrations-and-waves-fall-2004/index.htm)

* [ ] [Quantum Physics I](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/physics/8-04-quantum-physics-i-spring-2016/)

* [ ] [Statistical Physics I](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/physics/8-044-statistical-physics-i-spring-2013/)

* [ ] [Classical Mechanics II](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/physics/8-223-classical-mechanics-ii-january-iap-2017/index.htm)

* [ ] [Quantum Physics II](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/physics/8-05-quantum-physics-ii-fall-2013/index.htm)

* [ ] [Classical Mechanics III](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/physics/8-09-classical-mechanics-iii-fall-2014/)

* [ ] [Quantum Physics III](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/physics/8-06-quantum-physics-iii-spring-2016/)

* [ ] [Electromagnetism II](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/physics/8-07-electromagnetism-ii-fall-2012/)

* [ ] [Statistical Physics II](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/physics/8-08-statistical-physics-ii-spring-2005/)

* [ ] [Einstein, Oppenheimer, Feynman](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/science-technology-and-society/sts-042j-einstein-oppenheimer-feynman-physics-in-the-20th-century-spring-2011/)

* [ ] [Linear Algebra](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-06-linear-algebra-spring-2010/)

* [ ] [Quantum Theory I](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/physics/8-321-quantum-theory-i-fall-2002/)

* [ ] [Quantum Theory II](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/physics/8-322-quantum-theory-ii-spring-2003/)

* [ ] [Relativistic Quantum Field Theory I](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/physics/8-323-relativistic-quantum-field-theory-i-spring-2008/)

* [ ] [Relativistic Quantum Field Theory II](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/physics/8-324-relativistic-quantum-field-theory-ii-fall-2010/)

* [ ] [Relativistic Quantum Field Theory III](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/physics/8-325-relativistic-quantum-field-theory-iii-spring-2007/)

* [ ] [String Theory and Holographic Duality](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/physics/8-821-string-theory-and-holographic-duality-fall-2014/)

* [ ] [Effective Field Theory](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/physics/8-851-effective-field-theory-spring-2013/)
